---
inFeed: false
description: >-
  The Canadian cultural landscape is nothing if not dotted with a rich and
  storied musical thread that runs throughout the fabric of it’s being.
dateModified: '2018-11-12T18:13:20.194Z'
datePublished: '2018-11-12T18:13:33.215Z'
title: Biography Of Barry Mutch
author: []
publisher: {}
via: {}
sourcePath: _posts/2017-03-30-bio.md
hasPage: true
starred: false
datePublishedOriginal: '2018-11-12T18:13:33.215Z'
url: biography-of-barry-mutch/index.html
_type: Blurb

---
# Biography Of Barry Mutch

The Canadian cultural landscape is nothing if not dotted with a rich and storied musical thread that runs throughout the fabric of it's being.

From coast to coast one can find treasured pockets of sound seeping out through walls across the nation, identifiable by their regional uniqueness, yet linked by the commonalities that define this northern country.

---

From just one such outposts of sonic stalwartness, In a small town in central Ontario, sprang the seed that would be the genesis of a long and fulfilling music journey for Barry Mutch, a Musician, Songwriter, DJ, Producer and Engineer.

Born In Toronto, Ontario, he split his formative years equally between the city's industrial concrete jungle and the serene and organic culture of Collingwood, Ontario. He credits the contrast between these two locations for having greatly affected his musical outlook and subsequent creative path.

His first interest in capturing and replaying music started at the tender age of 6, using a red transistor radio and a two track reel to reel recorder to capture and playback montages of his favorite music from the tiny am radio long into the small hours of the morning. This grew throughout the years, moving towards becoming a very earlier adopter of MIDI programming and digital audio multi-tracking, mixing and mastering.

He has embraced the bleeding edge of the digital creative process and as a result has quietly earned a reputation as a fountain of both knowledge and experience in the digital realm.

Mr. Mutch has worked on a broad variety of projects in both style and scope, from the simple, raw, and open expression of a guitar and vocal to large scale projects comprised of highly contrasted and complex orchestrations of sound.

He currently resides in Hunzenschwil, Switzerland where he has found a peaceful setting against a storied backdrop of history, architecture, and stunning geography where he is currently embarking on recording his solo debut album, Unity.

Living in Canada has brought him wealth of musical knowledge garnered from his many years spent in many diverse and special places.

Kingston, Toronto, Collingwood, among others, are breeding grounds for creativity and growth.

His studio, The VioletLab is currently located in Hunzenschwil and he is beginning on an exciting remote recording and documentary journey in addition to his in studio work.

The future is unwritten.

-Sarah Carney