---
publisher: {}
datePublished: '2017-03-30T18:02:24.891Z'
dateModified: '2017-03-30T18:02:24.372Z'
via: {}
description: I am here…Switzerland.
title: Unity - The Debut Solo Album
sourcePath: _posts/2017-03-29-i-am-here.md
inFeed: true
author: []
hasPage: true
starred: false
datePublishedOriginal: '2017-03-30T17:08:49.443Z'
url: i-am-hereswitzerlandfor-one-purpose/index.html
_type: Article

---
# Unity - The Debut Solo Album

I am here...Switzerland.

I came for many reasons. Peace, a change of life, to see more of the world, but primarily to focus on the amazing chance to record my first solo debut album, which has, in essence, been a lifetime in the making.

I have come a long way to a peaceful place and I have brought with me, through great trials and tribulations , the tools of the trade, the teeth, the tools to make it happen.

It takes an enormous amount of time, technology, and persistence the do so and I would be honoured if you would show your belief in the project but helping continue to support it's making by pre-purchasing your digital copy so that I can continue the process I have spent 10 months now preparing for.

In exchange for 13 CHF you will receive your own personal download of 13 songs written about subjects that have become increasingly important to me.The subjects of hope and unity (one might call it connectedness).

I have written many types of songs for other artists.

I have produced and engineered songs for other artists but I have never sat down and out together a message from me to this volatile and frail world that speaks from my own heart directly.

I hope that you will find it in yourself to take the time and financial generosity to help make this project become a reality.

**~Barry Mutch - Musician/Producer/Humanist**